Not unauthenticated, but those that cannot be processed (#4736)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

it may assume some or all of the server's Initial packets were lost.

To speed up handshake completion under these conditions, an endpoint MAY, for a
limited number of times per connection, send a packet containing
unacknowledged CRYPTO data earlier than the PTO expiry, subject to the address
validation limits in Section 8.1 of {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}. Doing so at most once
for each connection is adequate to quickly recover from a single packet loss.

> An endpoint that always retransmits packets in response to receiving packets
> that it cannot process risks creating an infinite exchange of packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An endpoint that always retransmits packets in response to receiving
unprocessable packets risks creating an infinite exchange of packets.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't like this change.

Author: Yeah, I think that this changes what an endpoint cannot do right now to a property of the packets. I'm reverting this change.
